fix(docs): Updated the documentation on using local workflow (#29436)
github/docs: data/reusables/actions/workflows/section-referencing-an-action-from-the-same-repository.md

Example repository file structure:

```shell
|-- hello-world (repository)
|   |__ .github
|       └── workflows
|           └── my-first-workflow.yml
|       └── actions
|           |__ hello-world-action
|               └── action.yml
```

> The path is relative (`./`) to the default working directory (`github.workspace`, `$GITHUB_WORKSPACE`), unless the repository is checked out to a different location in the checkout step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path is relative (`./`) to the default working directory (`github.workspace`, `$GITHUB_WORKSPACE`). If the action checks out the repository to a location different than the workflow, the relative path used for local actions must be updated.
```
